    Category 1: The "Must-Know" Fundamentals (1–10) 
1. Value vs. Reference Types: Which lives on the Stack and which on the Heap? 
   1. value live on the stack 	
   2. and references type on the heap which just manage by the address memory

1. Boxing and Unboxing: Explain the performance cost of moving a value type to the heap. 
   1. dont know
   
2. struct vs. class: When would you choose a struct over a class? 
   1. when we don't oop
   
3. The readonly vs. const keywords: Which one is evaluated at runtime? 
   1. readonly keyword make the fields just read not init 
   2. const can not edit also but init when first time run prj
   
4. String Immutability: Why are strings immutable in C#, and what are the implications? 
   1. string is reference type when edit it init new instance that why it immutable
   
5. String vs. StringBuilder: When does the overhead of StringBuilder become worth it? 
   1. string builder help edit the string without create new memory that help save the memory
   
6. The enum type: Can an enum have methods? (No, but you can use Extension Methods). 
   1. no. enum just a type user define and  use as a variable
   
7. Nullable Types: Explain int? and the nul-coalescing operator ??. 
   1. the "?" make default value of int is null not 0 and "??" is  short if check null assign value
   
9. Access Modifiers: Explain protected internal vs. private protected. 

   1. protceted internal just class in a project can access fields and method
   2. the questino is not clear
   3. private can not access out side class
   4. public every class can access

10. The using Statement: How does it ensure IDisposable objects are cleaned up? 

   1. try acess after dispose the verify it clean up

   Category 2: Object-Oriented Programming (11–20) 

11. Interface vs. Abstract Class: When should you use one over the other? 

    1. interface just has method use an prototpe high level of class
    2. abstract class inlcude implement and not implment method

12. Method Overloading vs. Overriding: Explain static vs. dynamic polymorphism. 

    1. overload method can has more method which same name but must different input method
    2. overriding override the method which the child class inheritant the parent

13. The sealed keyword: Why seal a class or a method? 

    1. sealed make the variable can not change value
    2. public sealed int a =1;

14. Constructor Chaining: How do you cal one constructor from another in the same class? 

    1. need enter correctly input variable and the order to choose the contructor

15. Virtual vs. Abstract: Can you have a body in a virtual method? (Yes). In an abstract one? 
    (No). 

    1. yes 
    2. no

16. Interface Default Methods: Can an interface have logic in modern C#? (Yes, since C# 
    8.0). 

    1. yes but i confuse if interface has logic so what differ abstracts 

17. Composition over Inheritance: Why is this a preferred design principle?

    1. more loosely than inheritance and can replace quick  

18. The base keyword: How do you access a parent class's method that you’ve overridden?

    1. base base.contructorName() 

19. Deep Copy vs. Shallow Copy: How do you implement a Deep Copy in C#? 

    1. don't know

20. SOLID Principles: Can you explain what each letter stands for? 

    1. S each class has a reposibility don't combine
    2. O class can add new code can scale without broken
    3. L forget
    4. I inteface can replace
    5. D class depend of big class these class depend each other

    Category 3: Collections & LINQ (21–30) 

21. Array vs. ArrayList vs. List<T>: Why is List<T> the standard today? 

    1. array need init the number of item of array when create array
    2. arraylist no need enter numberof item
    3. list<T> can define data type and no need number of items that why it standard 

22. IEnumerable vs. IQueryable: Which one handles filtering at the database level? 

    1. ienumberable is abstract class of list this list init memory in ram we can query directly 
    2. IQueryable is near with sql script can not query dirclty need to convert to ienumberable when return response and query

23. Deferred Execution: Explain why a LINQ query doesn't run until you cal .ToList() or 
    foreach. 

    1. linq is systax can use with orm lib so we can filter, or group before it gen a script sql to interact with db

24. Dictionary<K, V>: How does a dictionary handle colisions? 

    1. may be the key i don't know

25. IEnumerable vs. IEnumerator: What is the underlying mechanism of a foreach loop? 

    1. IEnumerator is more underlying because IEnumerator is mechanism get get through collection

26. yield return: How does it allow for custom iterations without storing the whole list in 
    memory? 

    1. don't know

27. Any() vs. Count() > 0: Which is faster for checking if a colection has items? 

    1. i think any() because both method loop the whole collection but any stop when find the value

28. Select vs. SelectMany: When would you "flatten" a colection? 

    1. selectmany() help flatten select() just choose the filelds 

29. Anonymous Types: When are they useful in LINQ? 

    1. when include more entity and select and just need at this time or select 

30. ICollection vs. IList: Which one alows for index-based access? 

    1. IList allow perfomce index base operation
    2. icollection allow manipulate the collection

    Category 4: Async & Threading (31–40) 

31. async and await: How do they work without blocking the main thread? 

    1. they not wait together like synchronous, c# create a more small task and has status and they work at same time

32. Task vs. Thread: Why is the Thread Pool more efficient than manual threads? 

    1. task as package thread is road C# control the thread keep the number of thread effective to handle more task  
    2. Thread Pool idk

33. Task.Run vs. Task.Factory.StartNew: Which is the modern preference? 

    1. task.run but don't know why

34. Deadlocks: How does await help avoid deadlocks compared to .Result? 

    1. await make the method return variables in async method . it change the status of task to wait 

35. CancellationToken: How do you stop a long-running async operation? 

36. ValueTask: When would you return ValueTask instead of Task? (High-performance 
    scenarios). 

37. ConfigureAwait(false): Why is this used in library code? 

38. lock keyword: How do you ensure thread safety on a shared resource? 

39. Task.WhenAll vs. Task.WhenAny: Describe a use case for each. 

40. Async Streams: What is IAsyncEnumerable<T>? 
    Category 5: .NET Core & Advanced Topics (41–50) 

41. Dependency Injection (DI): Explain Transient, Scoped, and Singleton. 

42. Middleware: What is the Request Pipeline in ASP.NET Core? 

43. Garbage Collection (GC): Explain Generations 0, 1, and 2. 

44. Ref and Out: What is the difference, and what is the new in parameter? 

45. Reflection: What is it, and why is it considered slow? 

46. Delegates vs. Events: How does an event encapsulate a delegate? 

47. Attributes: How do you create and use a custom attribute? 

48. var keyword: Is C# stil strongly typed when using var? (Yes). 

49. Error Handling: Why should you never use throw ex;? (Use throw; to preserve the stack 
    trace). 

50. Records (C# 9.0+): What makes a record different from a class? (Value-based equality).